[POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic !
Talk about killer
comedy, am I right?
Relax, folks,
it was just a joke.
If it wasn't, then it'd be
straight-up murder, wouldn't it?
[CTHUO A]
I'm Cthuo Kyushiyama.
I'm a first-year
at Bump-Boo High.
One day, I bumped into the
awesome Popuko and Pipimi.
And from then on, we were
the best of friends!
I can't think of two better
people to have my back.
And thanks to them
my high school life
is now just as awesome
as they are!
Here we go!
Time for another day
of trying to become
rulers of Bump-Boo High!
No one's gonna stop us now!
[PIPIMI] "Showdown! At the
Bay-Area Warehouse."
[CTHUO'S MOM] Cthuo!
You almost forgot your lunch.
Whoa! Righteous save!
It's nice seeing you excited
about school for once.
Don't be weird, Mom!
I'll see ya later.
[chuckles]
[CTHUO A]
Maybe Mom had it right.
After meeting Popu and Pipi,
school has become something
to look forward to.
[KOROSHITANI]
Well, waddaya know?
You're Cthuo, right?
Yeah, that's me.
Oh, good.
My name is Koroshitani.
[CTHUO A]
No way!
This guy's the head of
the Iidabashi Alliance!
You know something?
Word is, your pals
Popuko and Pipimi
have been getting
a bit cocky lately.
So I need you to do
a little favor for me.
It's easy. All you have
to do is get them
to the bay-area
warehouse tonight.
Hey, I'm not about to sell
out my friends, all right?
Back off.
That's cute, but you don't
have much of a choice here.
You see, I know all about you,
and how hard your mother worked
to get you into high
school with no help.
She also happens
to work part-time
at my family's department store.
[CTHUO A]
Bastard!
I'm glad we could come
to an understanding.
See you around.
[POPUKO] Like, give me a break.
I'm just one guy, you know?
[PIPIMI]
You're crazy, dude.
You've been awfully quiet.
You got somethin'
on your mind, or what?
Did you get dumped
by a girl again?
[CTHUO]
Uh.
Nah, it's just...
About tonight...
[THUGS chattering]
Looks like they're
right on ti-- What?
What are you doing here?
[CTHUO A] I know I'm an idiot
for coming here alone.
But still.
If I've learned anything
from my friends, it's this:
That a real man would
never betray his friends!
I don't care what you do to me.
I'm not helping you!
I think you've seen one too
many action movies, Cthuo.
What else would explain
this boneheaded move?
It didn't have to be
this way, you know!
But you had to
piss me off! Punk!
Looks like this one's
all talk, fellas.
See if you can have
some fun with him.
[PIPIMI]
Oh, yeah?
Because I think you'd have
a lot more fun with us.
[KOROSHITANI gasps]
Popu? Pipi?
What are you doing here?
[PIPIMI]
We figured somethin' was up
with how weird you were all day.
Next time you wanna be a
bad-ass, let us know, would ya?
You can take it easy, Cthuo.
Now, then. Where
were we, gentlemen?
Oh, now I remember.
We were about to
beat your asses!
Ha! Glad you had
the nerve to show up.
Because now I can
make you regret it!
[THUG B yells]
[THUG C]
Eat this!
[BOTH yell]
[THUGS yelling]
[THUGS scream]
[THUG D]
What the hell are these guys?
Wait! Wait! No!
[THUG E screams]
Well, all right then.
Time for us to go.
The hell?
Where d'you think
you're runnin' off to?
[PIPIMI] That's rude.
We're not done having fun yet.
Wait, I'm sorry, okay?
I'm sorry. I'm sorry!
[KOROSHITANI screams]
I feel like crap.
Yeah, well, you sure
look like shit, too.
Shut up! I could've handled
them by myself, you know.
Like a "real man," right?
What? If you were
there the whole time,
then why'd you let me
get my butt whooped?
We had to wait for Popu to
finish eating her bread first.
--Huh?
--Oh, shit!
--Hey! Get back here, damn it!
--I'm sorry, okay?
[PIPIMI]
Pop-a-Team Epic !
[CHLDREN]
Come on, Dad, it's Sunday!
Why don't you take
us somewhere cool
where we can have tons of fun?!
That's easier said
than done, kids.
Huh?
Why not go to Brazil?
Amigo!
[POPUKO] Experience the
other side of the world
right here in Okayama!
You and the family can
have all kinds of fun
and excitement at the Brazilian
Park--Washuzan Highland!
Well then, let's go!
[CHILDREN]
Hurray!
[POPUKO]
Hurry up!
[PIPIMI]
Don't wait!
--[POPUKO, PIPIMI] Bye-bye!
--[CHILDREN] Bye!
[POPUKO, PIPIMI]
Washuzan Highland!
[POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic.
Hey, Pipimi, what
are three things
that are awesome about me?
You are good at running,
hitting, and fielding.
Is that three things?
[PIPIMI chuckles]
Nope, they're... one!
Oh, Pipimi!
You also have blonde hair
and you're super short.
[PIPIMI]
Uh, P-Pop Team Epic.
[PIPIMI laughs]
Did you do your
homework today?
[gasps]
♪ Climbing on a
tetrapod! Aw, yeah! ♪
Hey, wharf roaches.
[POPUKO screams]
[POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic !
Bob Epic Team !
[NARRATOR A]
"The Mystery Circle."
[POPUKO, PIPIMI]
Hey, a UFO!
Look!
They're making a crop circle
right before our eyes!
Huh?
[BOTH scream]
[POPUKO] Dude, that
is total weak sauce!
[PIPIMI]
Yeah! You ain't no Banksy!
[BOTH] Don't underestimate
the beauty of street art!
Warriors! The floor
sommelier is here!
The floor Popuko is going
to try out today is this!
The Titan's arena!
[POPUKO]
What up, son?!
[PIPIMI] Our challenge
for Popuko is to choose
whether A or B is the
floor of the EX arena.
[POPUKO]
Easy-peasy lemon squeezy!
Do you have any idea how
many floors I've sampled?
The mouthfeel of this floor
is like having a landslide
fall across my tongue.
There's a hint of smokiness
that's enrichening the
floor's natural flavor.
The warmth from this topaz
color might fool some,
but underneath I can taste
the extreme malice
left by the devs!
A is the only Titan EX floor.
B is the only hard floor.
You can tell by the "weight"!
[PIPIMI]
You've locked in your decision,
now let's see how
right you were!
The room I choose was
the correct answer!
Congratulations!
[POPUKO]
Yay! Yahoo!
Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!
Now cha-cha, and cha-cha.
And reach, and reach,
and reach, and reach.
[POPUKO, PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic.
I'm gonna get you!
[yelling]
Thank you very much
for purchasing
Pop Team Epic Season 2.
That's presumptive.
I would figure most people
are streaming the show.
I mean, who would pay
money for this crap
when they could buy something
objectively good, like,
I don't know, Evangelion .
Oh my God. Don't say that!
At least Eva looks like the
animators gave a crap, you know?
[PIPIMI]
Does it?
It does.
Well, regardless, we're supposed
to be talking about this show.
Yeah, but I heard that
you can get it signed
by one of the people who
worked on the show!
Whoa, really?
That's really cool! Who is it?
Hm. Not sure.
They bleeped out the name
in the Japanese audio
for this episode,
so I have no idea.
It could be a PA on the
production staff for all I know.
I guess they really
don't want anyone
to find out who it is then.
Seems to be. You wanna see
if we can look it up?
Are you allowed to say that?
[POPUKO]
Ah! Pop Team Epic !
Listen, buddy. You were
supposed to "Yes, and"!
Hey! It's not what
it looks like.
It's just a little joke.
It's not that bad
if it's a joke, right?
♪ Oh, holy hole!
I'm-a fillin' in the hole! ♪
♪ The hole that I
dug for the body. ♪
[CTHUO B]
I'm Cthuo Kyushiyama.
I'm a first-year
at Bump-Boo High.
One day, I bumped into the
awesome Popuko and Pipimi.
And from then on, we were
the best of friends!
I can't think of two better
people to have my back.
And thanks to them,
now my high school life is
just as awesome as they are!
Let's do it to it!
Time for another most excellent
day at Bump-Boo High!
Can't stop us now!
[PIPIMI] "Showdown! At the
Bay-Area Warehouse."
[CTHUO'S MOM] Cthuo!
You almost forgot your lunch.
Crap! Thanks, Mom!
It's nice seeing you excited
about school for once.
Don't be weird, Mom!
I'll see ya later.
[chuckles]
[CTHUO B]
Maybe Mom's got a point.
Who wouldn't get
excited to hang out
with two bodacious dudes
like Popu and Pipi?
[KOROSHITANI] Well, waddaya
know. You're Cthuo, right?
Uh, doy!
Oh, good. My name
is Koroshitani.
[CTHUO B]
Not cool!
This jock's the head of
the Iidabashi Alliance!
You know something?
Word is, your pals
Popuko and Pipimi
have been getting
a bit cocky lately.
So I need you to do
a little favor for me.
It's easy. All you have
to do is get them
to the bay-area
warehouse tonight.
Look, dude.
I'm not about to sell out my
friends, all right? So back off.
That's cute,
but you don't have much
of a choice here.
You see, I know all about you,
and how hard your mother worked
to get you into high
school with no help.
She also happens
to work part-time
at my family's department store.
[CTHUO]
Bastard!
I'm glad we could come
to an understanding.
See you around.
[POPUKO] Like, give me a break.
You know what I'm sayin'?
[POPUKO, PIPIMI laughing]
Yo, Cthuo! You got somethin'
on your mind or what?
Oh-ho. You get rejected by
another girl again? Aww.
Nah, it's just...
About tonight?
[THUGS chattering]
Looks like they're
right on ti-- What?
What are you doing here?
[CTHUO B] I know I'm a total
space cadet for being here.
But still, if my bros have
taught me anything it's this:
That a real man never
turns traitor on his buds.
So do your worst,
you prep school dickweed!
I think you've seen one too
many action movies, Cthuo.
What else would explain
this boneheaded move?
It didn't have to be
this way, you know!
But you had to
piss me off! Punk!
Looks like this one's
all talk, fellas.
See if you can have
some fun with him.
[PIPIMI]
Oh, yeah?
Because I know we'd have
a ton more fun with you.
[KOROSHITANI gasps]
Popu? Pipi?
What are you doing here?
[PIPIMI]
We figured somethin' was up
with how weird you'd
been acting all day.
Next time you wanna be a
bad-ass, let us know, would ya?
You can take it easy, Cthuo.
Right then.
Last call for tickets.
'Cuz you're on a one-way trip
aboard the pain train!
Ha! Glad you had the
nerve to show up.
Because now I can
make you regret it!
[THUG B yells]
[THUG C]
Eat this!
[THUGS yelling]
[THUGS scream]
[THUG D]
What the hell are these guys?
Wait! Wait! No!
[THUG E screams]
Well, all right then.
Time for us to go.
The hell?
Just where d'you
think you're going?
[PIPIMI] Yeah, buddy. We're
not done havin' fun with you.
Wait, I'm sorry, okay?
I'm sorry. I'm sorry!
[KOROSHITANI screams]
I feel terrible.
If it makes you feel better,
you look like shit.
Shut up! I coulda handled
them myself, you know.
Ah, just like a real man?
What?!
If you were there
the whole time,
why'd you let me get
my butt whooped?
Popu wanted to scarf down her
bread before we did anything.
--Huh?
--Oh, shit.
Hey! Get back here, you jerk!
[POPUKO]
I said I was sorry!
[PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic.
[CHILDREN]
Come on, Dad, it's Sunday!
Why don't you take
us somewhere cool
where we can have tons of fun!
That's easier said
than done, kids.
Huh?
Why not go to Brazil?
Amigo!
[POPUKO] Experience the
other side of the world
right here in Okayama!
You and the family can
have all kinds of fun
at the Brazilin Park--
Washuzan Highland!
Well, then, let's go!
[CHILDREN]
Hurray!
[POPUKO]
Yeet-yeet!
[PIPIMI]
Pressa! Pressa!
--[POPUKO, PIPIMI] Bye-bye!
--[CHILDREN] Bye!
[POPUKO, PIPIMI]
Washuzan Highland!
[POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic !
Hey, Pipimi,
what are three things
that are awesome about me?
You're good at running,
hitting, and fielding.
You sure that's three?
[PIPIMI laughs]
No, it's... one!
Aww, Pipimi!
You also have really nice blonde
hair and you're super short.
[PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic !
Did you do your
homework today?
[screams]
♪ Climbing on a tetrapod!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. ♪
Hey, wharf roaches.
[POPUKO screaming]
[POPUKO yawns]
Pop Team Epic .
[POPUKO]
Bob Epic Team !
[NARRATOR A]
"The Mystery Circle"!
[POPUKO, PIPIMI]
Hey, a UFO!
[POPUKO]
Look!
They're making a crop circle
right before our eyes!
Huh?
[BOTH scream]
[POPUKO]
Dude, that is total weak sauce!
[PIPIMI]
Yeah! You ain't no Banksy!
[BOTH] Don't underestimate
the beauty of street art!
Warriors! The floor
sommelier is here!
We've got an extra-special
floor for Popuko today,
so without further ado...
The Titan's arena!
Popuko will now have to choose
whether floor A or B is the
floor of the Titan EX arena.
[POPUKO]
Easy-peasy! Let's dig in!
Do you know how many
extreme floors I've sampled?
I'll have this figured
out in no time!
Ooh!
The mouthfeel of this floor
is like a landslide
across my tongue.
There's a hint of smokiness
that's enrichening the
floor's natural flavor.
The warmth from this topaz
color might fool some,
but underneath, I can taste the
extreme malice left by the devs!
Hm?
I choose A as the
Titan EX floor.
B is the hard floor; you can
tell. It's the "weight"!
[PIPIMI] Now let's see
how right you were!
Whichever room I enter was the
correct answer to the challenge!
Congratulations!
[PIPIMI]
Oh, yeah!
[BOTH shouting]
[POPUKO, PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic.
I'm gonna get you!
[yells]
Hey, thank you very much
for purchasing this copy
of Pop Team Epic Season 2.
Oh my God, I can't believe
somebody bought this
when they could've streamed it.
Like, you'd think people
would have better common
sense than that.
Eh, that's assumin' a lot.
True, true, true.
Hey, what you spend your money
on other than this show, y'know.
I would-I would get myself a
snazzy Kanto Electric Massager.
That's what I was
gonna say! Yeah!
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's a very wallet-friendly
massager
and it's reliable
than the later models.
Granted there's
not much difference
between any of them, y'know.
I'd rather get alcohol.
[POPUKO]
Oh, yeah you would, bitch.
Well, you're in luck!
If you act now, you can get
a Blu-ray and a DVD!
What are you talking about?
Ah, come on, man!
How else do you think this show
will sell?
Do you honestly think that
anybody watches this show sober?